Meet the Team

Lance Heynes
Director of Operations

Lance ensures the seamless integration of our services to enhance member satisfaction and engagement.


Andre Visser
Head of Marketing

Andre crafts innovative strategies to promote our reward programs, helping our members maximize their benefits.


Wessel Krige
Social Media Manager

Wessel focuses on building strong relationships with our members via all social media channels, ensuring they understand and utilize their rewards.


Mic-Shane Brown
Head of Admin

Mic-Shane focuses on managing internal systems and the team that ensures an unparalleled and rewarding customer experience.


Lionel Lottering
Head of Investor Matters

Lionel looks after our investors and ensures the establishment of win-win relationships between investors and the company.


Shannon Heugh
Client Services Specialist

Shannon is responsible for data management and ensuring communications that result in an amazing customer service journey.


Jodi Rensburg
Client Services Specialist

Jodi is responsible for data management and ensuring communications that result in an amazing customer service journey.


Cheslin Matinka
Client Consultant

Cheslin is responsible for sales and client interactions that ensured our clients have an amazing customer service journey.


Kyle McBryne
Systems Developer

Kyle is responsible for our programs and systems and ensures the smooth workflows that empower our clients with the correct data.

Our Mission, Vision and Values
Our Mission
To enhance the lives of our members through innovative and accessible financial product offerings, building a community of empowered individuals.

Our Vision
To establish a premier rewards loyalty program that effectively integrates essential financial products for our members, fostering economic wellbeing and growth.

Our Values
Commitment, Trust, and Empowerment. We focus on creating transparent, mutually beneficial relationships that prioritize our members’ financial success.